you
Bonjour
um well I was about 12 and I was just
watching and just watching the simpsons
you knows even as young kid and I heard
that song and you know it was quite an
eye-opener for me I never like really
light two piece of music as much as i
did that and it gave me certainly gave
me an aspiration to go and discover more
music and but it didn't all of a sudden
give me this huge aspiration to just
pick up a guitar and start playing that
came like a few months after a while but
yeah that's a that story's true you you
want to a song yeah anything in
particular yeah cook them might be nice
there's man your station the train in
the lane there's a fisherman ever throw
in that paint there's a baby in a
woman's tightening the dock there's a
love it mad and it's breaking his heart
and it's all right catching the next
train home next tree oh it's it's always
nice to go wherever in the world and and
to go and play music it's a quite
baffling to me that you know my music
you know can be appreciated in other
parts of the world and it's a pleasure
to come to such a lovely place to hear
I'd heard uttered a little bit about the
first of all I must admit I don't know a
huge amount but I think I don't know a
little bit more after my experience of
this after the show tonight well I mean
for me and I like a lot of her music but
I like a lot of other means I believe
there's good music and bad music in
every genre and people talk about this
folk revival or whatever but for me know
I think it's always around and it's
always going to be around you just gotta
know look a bit harder for their for the
good school what do I want to say to
someone I might see this in a hundred
years and what's what's poppin was for
what's the world line let's go in on
might not be around at in the next train
next dream